Kevin Guy sitting in this studio almost two weeks ago, I asked him a direct question about subsidised buses, some 30 subsidised buses that Bath and North East Semester Council provide.
I asked him, are you going to carry on doing those? He sat in the studio and said yes on the record. He's gone back on that. He was relying upon the west of England combined authority, I think, to help support it, wasn't he?
Well, he's not right to do that.
These subsidised buses are paid for by the councils.
My officers in the commune authority administer that.
Could you get economies of scale if you obviously bid for buses right across a large region
rather than a smaller council area?
Exactly.
And I can't answer for Kevin.
He has to speak for himself.
But what I can say is he has got slight form on this because him and the other leaders
last year said that they would increase this, what so-called transport maybe.
in other words, council money that goes to subsidised buses by up to 10% and they delivered
a zero increase or nothing. So last year they made that decision, this year they've confirmed
that by keeping it at that level and because of inflation, because it's so huge in the
transport sphere, 40% plus, if you're not increasing anything and yet inflation is
eating into the costs, so it makes the cost of everything more, you're going to get fewer
bus services and that's exactly what he's not paying.